Development (#475)
ElrondNetwork/docs.elrond.com: docs/validators/overview.md

### Useful

| Name                                                     | Description                                                                                                       |
|----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| [Node operation modes](/validators/node-operation-modes) | Learn about the nodes' operation modes and how to use them for setting up node for various use-cases.             |

> | [Rating](/validators/rating)                             | Learn about the nodes' rating, how it increases and decreases and how does it impact the earnings.                |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Rating](/validators/rating)                             | Learn about the nodes' rating, how it increases and decreases and how it impacts the earnings.                |
```

Author: done on another pr

| [Node Upgrade](/validators/node-upgrades)                | Learn about the periodical or emergency upgrades that nodes' owner have to do.                                    |
| [Node Redundancy / Back-up](/validators/redundancy)      | How to set up a back-up node for your main machine.                                                               |
| [Import DB](/validators/import-db)                       | Learn how to start the node in import-db mode, that allows reprocessing of old data, without syncing the network. |
| [Node CLI](/validators/node-cli)                         | How to use the Command Line Interface of the Node.                                                                |

> | [Node Databases](/validators/node-databases)             | How to use the nodes' databases and how to copy them from a node to another.                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Node Databases](/validators/node-databases)             | How to use the nodes' databases and how to copy them from one node to another.                                      |
```

Author: done on another pr
